Error_table:
1.Absence of mandatory keys."Error 01: xx in the xx not defined!"
    a)For a Rauzy object, such members are mandatory:"nature"
    b)For a rauzy relation, such members are mandatory:"nature","from" and "to"(not for the relations in the library), "directional"
2.The "library" value is not correct."Error 02:the library file xx is not found!"
    The "library" value must be a relative path from the location of the file.
3.There is no object associated with a string xx when we want to extend an object in the library from the library or when we want to extend an object in the library from the root object or when we want to refer to an object defined in "objects" of the root object from the "relations" of the root object. "Error 03:the object xx is not defined !"
    Note:the name is case sensitive
4.There is no relation associated with a string xx when we want to extends a relation in the "relations" of the library from the "objects" of the library or when we want to extend a relation in the library from the "relations" of the root object. "Error 04:the relation xx is not defined !"
    Note:the name is case sensitive
5.The relation of an object is not defined. "Error 05:the relation of object xx is not defined!"
6.The presence of cyclic dependency in the library."Error 06:A cyclic dependency detected! The cycle is xx0-(include)->xx1-(extends)->xx2-(include)->..-(extends)->xx0."
7.There are two objects xx and xx associated with the same string xx. "Error 07:Redundant object definition of "xx"!"
8.There are two relations xx and xx associated with the same string xx. "Error 07:Redundant relation definition of "xx"!"
9.The format of the library file is not correct, only three keys:"nature", "objects", "relations". "Error 08:Incorrect library file format:(absence of xx)|(xx not recognized)!" 
Warning_table:
1.The presence of "from" or "to" in a library relation."Warning 01:xx should not be defined in a libray relation."
2.The presence of a non-empty "library“ member in an object that is not the root object."Warning 02:Detect of a library member in xx, but xx is not the root object.
3.When object A extends object B, the presence of fields "objects" and "relations" in object A. "Warning 03: "objects" and "relations" in object A will be overriden by these of object B as A extends B"
    

